{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh13440\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Sections
\fs24 \

\b0 \
6052 Turkey Lake Rd., Ste. 100 \'95 Orlando, FL 32819 \'95\'a0Phone: (407) 903-9993 \'95 Fax: (407) 903-9998 \
\

\i About\
Services\
What we do\
Clients\
Forms\
Contact\

\i0 \

\b About:
\b0 \
\
We meet all of your production needs.\
\
We provide Broadcast & Video Production Services Worldwide Including:\
Turn Key packaging of Multi-Camera Remote Productions, HD, SD, and 3D Mobile Video Production Trucks,\
Qualified Television & Event Production Crews Nationwide, ENG Packages Nationwide, Satellite Transmission Services, \
Webcasting and Video Streaming of Live Events and Conferences\
\
Watch out demo reel\
\

\b Services:\

\i\b0 (map)
\i0\b \
 \

\b0 Broadcasting Across the world \
in 10,000 countries and counting.\
\
Let us be your "go to" for broadcasting services.  We strive to be the best with \
85 years experience in the industry.  Call us today:  (407) 903-9993.  \

\b \
Testimonials:\

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Broadcast Service Group is our \'93Go To\'94 guys for Rooms to Go\
We\'92ve been using BSG for the last 20 years.\
\
Buford Jerome Willis Stinkleburger III - RTG CFO\
\
Broadcast Service Group is our \'93Go To\'94 guys for Rooms to Go\
We\'92ve been using BSG for the last 20 years.\
\
Buford Jerome Willis Stinkleburger III - RTG CFO\
\
\
\
Broadcast Service Group is our \'93Go To\'94 guys for Rooms to Go\
We\'92ve been using BSG for the last 20 years.\
\
Buford Jerome Willis Stinkleburger III - RTG CFO\
\
Click here to see more satisfied clients\

\i\b -(on hit go to "CLIENTS Section with Logos") \
\

\i0 Services\
\

\b0 Our Services\
We provide broadcast and video production services worldwide including:\
-\
\

\b Turn Key packaging \
of Multi-Camera \
Remote Productions\
\

\b0 Turnkey packaging is an ideal solution for \
packaging your product from its most basic components. \
From concept to completion, we will provide \
all the raw materials, assembly, packaging and shipping \
necessary to produce your product \'96 all under one roof.\'a0\
\
-\

\b HD, SD, and 3D \
Mobile Video \
Production Trucks\

\b0 \
HD 3 is a large truck in a small package. It\'92s a 53ft \
straight unit built specifically for challenging, tight \
spaces and regional sporting events. It packs a lot of \
high-end HD firepower and operator comfort into an \
efficiently designed smaller footprint.\
\
-\
\

\b Qualified Television \
and Event Production \
Crews Nationwide\
\

\b0 A television director is usually responsible for directing \
the actors and other filmed aspecst of a television \
production. The role differs from that of a film director \
because the major creative control usually belongs to the \
producer. In general, actors and other regular artists. \

\b \
-\
\
ENG Packages \
Nationwide\
\

\b0 Engineers develop packages from a wide variety of rigid\
and flexible materials. Some materials have scores or \
creases to allow controlled folding into package shapes \
(sometimes resembling origami[3]). Packaging involves \
extrusion, thermoforming, molding and other hamsters.
\b \

\b0 \
-\

\b Satellite \
Transmission Services\

\b0 \
Typically a satellite truck will have its own on-board \
power source such as an electrical generator or inverter \
to create the alternating current to power all the \
transmission systems, which makes it a true independent \
mobile satellite transmission entity. Often such trucks also.\
\
-\

\b Webcasting and Video \
Streaming of Live Events \
and Conferences
\b0 \
\
BSG delivers unrivaled video conferencing software and \
services to make webcasting and virtual presentations \
easier to execute. Improve user engagement and better \
connect with your target audience.  \
\
-\
\

\i\b ORBITeR Section
\i0 \

\b0 \
We are now the 
\b exclusive
\b0  rental house \
for Orbiter low profile camera platforms \
in the United States. \
\
The Orbiter 500 superflat is a low profile camera seat and has been designed \
for all low shooting camera positions at outdoor broadcasts such as soccer, \
tennis or athletics but also for studio use.  We currently have the 500 Superflats, \
and will have the new 750 Hybrids at the end of the year.\
\
For more about the Orbiter 500 Superflat >>> Download Adobe PDF here\
For more about the Orbiter 750 Hybrid >>> Download Adobe PDF here\
\
(Orbitor_video)  Here\
\
\

\b CLIENTS:
\b0 \
\
World Brands Are Some of\
Our Satisfied Clients\
\
We have built a solid reputation in the Broadcasting industry and are honored to \
have worked for some of the best in the industry.  Below is a list of a few of our clients.\
\
\

\b Forms:
\b0 \
Are you currently working with us?\
You can find all necessary forms here.\
Click here for forms\
\
I9-2014.pdf \
PayrollSouthTimeSheet.pdf\
W9-2014.pdf  \
Payroll Form-1099.pdf\
W4-2014.pdf\
W9-2014.pdf    \
\
\
\

\b Contact\
\

\b0 Get in Touch\
Contact Us Today
\b \

\b0 We would like to hear from you.\
\
Name*\
eMail*\
Subject*\
Your message*\
SEND MESSAGE\
\
Broadcast \
Service Group \
\
6052 Turkey Lake Road, \
Suite 100  \
Orlando, FL 32819\
\
Phone: (407) 903-9993  \
Fax: (407) 903-9998\
production@broadcastservicegroup.com  \
\
Copyright \'a9 2015 Broadcast Service Group. All Rights Reserved.\
\
\

\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
 \
\
}